README.md, before:

gprTools
========
Some handy commandline utilities for .gprfiles.

Version: 2.0.2 2021-04-13
- Handle extra " in .pc files.

Version: 2.0.1 2021-04-13
- update to be compatible with gprbuild 22.x

Version: 1.4.6 2017-05-16
- Handle language query for aggregate projects.

Version: 1.4.5 2017-05-16
- Restructure
- Compiles with GNAT 18.x

Version: 1.4.4 2016-06-21
- Restructure

Version: 1.4.3
- Added option to cherry pick project containg lang

Version: 1.4.2
- Corrected packing

Version: 1.4.1
- Added command pkg2gpr A tool that generates .gpr-files from .pc files
   to simlplify use of  preinstalled sw.

Version: 1.3.1
- Added support for aggregate projects.

Version: 1.2.0
- Added capability to print any attribute.

Version: 1.1.0
- Added capability to echo/exec several commands.
- Added multiple exclude patterns.
- Iterate the project tree in buildorder and reverse buildorder.

Version: 1.0.5
Added project iterators.

Version: 1.0.4
Build on Linux as well (end of line conventions)

Version: 1.0.2
More tests.

Version: 1.0.1
Added capability to find missing projects

Version: 1.0.0
Initial Version

gpr_tools:
This project contains small utilities to make it simpler to work with
.gpr files and makefiles in concert.
The tool gprinfo displays various Attributes such as:
 - Source_Dirs
 - Main
 - Object_Dir(s)
 - Exec_Dir(s)
 - Languages
 - Imported projects
 - Missing imports.
 - Calculate buildorder for a .gpr project tree.
 the results could ether be echo:ed to standard outut and in
 some cases executed direct.

Commit message:

Update suffixes for makefiles and prepare for tag,

README.md, after:

gprTools
========
Some handy commandline utilities for .gprfiles.

Version: 2.0.3 2021-10-14
- Use impelmentation-(suffix/exceptions) for makefiles in gpr files.

Version: 2.0.2 2021-04-13
- Handle extra " in .pc files.

Version: 2.0.1 2021-04-13
- update to be compatible with gprbuild 22.x

Version: 1.4.6 2017-05-16
- Handle language query for aggregate projects.

Version: 1.4.5 2017-05-16
- Restructure
- Compiles with GNAT 18.x

Version: 1.4.4 2016-06-21
- Restructure

Version: 1.4.3
- Added option to cherry pick project containg lang

Version: 1.4.2
- Corrected packing

Version: 1.4.1
- Added command pkg2gpr A tool that generates .gpr-files from .pc files
   to simlplify use of  preinstalled sw.

Version: 1.3.1
- Added support for aggregate projects.

Version: 1.2.0
- Added capability to print any attribute.

Version: 1.1.0
- Added capability to echo/exec several commands.
- Added multiple exclude patterns.
- Iterate the project tree in buildorder and reverse buildorder.

Version: 1.0.5
Added project iterators.

Version: 1.0.4
Build on Linux as well (end of line conventions)

Version: 1.0.2
More tests.

Version: 1.0.1
Added capability to find missing projects

Version: 1.0.0
Initial Version

gpr_tools:
This project contains small utilities to make it simpler to work with
.gpr files and makefiles in concert.
The tool gprinfo displays various Attributes such as:
 - Source_Dirs
 - Main
 - Object_Dir(s)
 - Exec_Dir(s)
 - Languages
 - Imported projects
 - Missing imports.
 - Calculate buildorder for a .gpr project tree.
 the results could ether be echo:ed to standard outut and in
 some cases executed direct.
